On the path to improving your show rate,
it's really easy to lie to yourself,
gaslight yourself into thinking that you
did everything you could when in reality
there's so much more you can do. Few
things on this. You might not be aware
of everything you could do. That's where
you got to start. Number two, you likely
barely did [__] but you can essentially
yourself into saying, "Oh no, I did
everything that there is to do. I'm not
going to do anything else." And you just
give up. Either way, in either situation
or whether this is just your very first
video you're ever watching from me and
you're looking to improve your show
rates, whether it's for a callunnel,
webinar, your low ticket to high ticket
connection rates, your lead forms, no
matter what kind of show rate it is,
even for 3-day challenge funnels or
virtual events. These tips and best
practices are going to help you and give
you the certainty you need to take an
aggressive level of action to get your
show rate up substantially. My name's
Jeremy Haynes. All we talk about on this
channel is cracking million-dollar
months. Whether it's your first million
a month or the next million a month,
we're here to help you out. We don't
make any income claims though or earning
guarantees. We don't know who the [__]
you are and whether you have any
probability to turn money into more
money. These are all just lessons that
we're handing down from clients who have
been there, done that, putting you on
game for free right here on YouTube. So,
thank you for joining in. Consider
subscribing if you haven't done so
already. And of course, if you're
already a subscriber, welcome back. It's
always a pleasure to have you. Without
further ado, let's dive in. So, first
things first, and I've seen this very
frequently within the most recent 3
weeks in my Jeremy's Inner Circle group,
and these are highle people. They make a
minimum of 100K a month. We just gave
out two trophies for for guys that
cracked 5 million a month. And it ranges
everywhere in between. Most people
average around a couple hundredk a
month. And usually those are the guys
that gaslight themselves into saying
things like,
>> "Oh, I did everything I could do on show
rate and it barely improved." and you go
look at what they actually did and it's
like 10% of everything that they could
have done. There is an essential
perspective that you have to keep when
you're attempting to raise any statistic
within your organization. It's an
evolutionary trait in all of us to buy
us towards an inherent energy
conservation state. We used to be in a
world of limited calories. We didn't
have unlimited energy like we do today.
And our bodies have not caught up to
modern times. So therefore, our brains,
they try to hold us back consistently on
gaslighting ourselves or lying to
ourselves point blank and trying to
justify, oh, we did everything we could
do when in reality, you barely did [__]
Now, when I call people out for doing
that and they miraculously right
afterwards go take more action, the stat
improves. So, you got to start with the
understanding that when you take any one
of these actions that I'm going to sit
here and encourage you to do today,
don't just stop at those actions until
you actually see the substantial lift in
your show rate. Sometimes all it takes
is one specific key action that improves
your show rate upwards of 30%. In other
instances, you might see a lift of like
10% doing one action and then a couple
more percent taking another action and
you've got to take a handful of actions
to get that rather substantial lift.
Either way, it's very important to note
it can be one thing, but rarely is it
one thing. In almost all instances, it's
a stack and a combination of several
things at once. So, let's go through a
few of these show rate best practices
together and we'll break down what you
should actually go do. So, first of all,
we have my now five-part back-end
selling system, but the fifth back-end
selling system is currently an inner
circle exclusive. So, for now, all you
know about here on YouTube are the four.
My back-end selling system is made up of
currently, as I just mentioned, four
things. Number one, we have what we call
confirmation page best practices. So, on
your confirmation page, you want a few
things. Number one, you want what's
called breakout videos. Now, this is a
great example where people will take a
handful of random actions and say, "Oh,
well, that didn't work." We have some
clients that have upwards of 19 breakout
videos on their page answering a wide
range of questions and they'll see a
couple percentage points in lift and
show rate and then they'll add that one
next video and then bam, they see the
substantial lift that they were
originally after. So, it's important to
note with the breakout videos, the
concept is rather simple. You go talk to
your sales team and you say, "What are
you guys annoyed that you're having to
consistently answer? What are people
showing up and asking that feels more
like an education question they should
know prior to the sales call versus what
are you guys finding yourselves having
to be repetitive about?" That could be a
great place to source some initial
information. In addition to that, we
have a whole list. We have an entire
confirmation page best practices guide
that we encourage everybody to go read.
that's whether they're in our master
internet marketing program or our
Jeremy's inner circle group or of course
a client of ours that has a wide array
of questions and ideas for this specific
topic. But I'll give you a few of them.
I talk about this one rather frequently.
People want to know how [__] they
could get doing a deal with you. Okay?
Yeah, they care about the upside for
sure. They want to know the outcomes
that they could generate working with
you, but at the end of the day, what's
going to hold them back from doing a
deal is you not being transparent about
what actually occurs if the deal goes
bad. That's generally what people care
about. That's why when they go to review
platforms like Trustpilot or go read
what real people are saying about you on
Reddit or find any platform for that
matter that has a doomsday scenario
review, they go there first in most
instances rather than reading the five
stars or the four-st star reviews.
There's a good joke running inside of
the consumer world. And you can see
these things on Reddit or Twitter as
great examples of this where somebody
who has a perfect five-star review will
still be looked at with high skepticism
versus somebody who has like a 4.7 is
looked at in a much higher regard.
Again, people want to see how [__]
they could get doing a deal with you.
So, a great way to demonstrate this,
make a video transparently showing your
dispute rate within your payment
processor. Make a video transparently
going through refunds and like why you
had to refund and whether you actually
did the right thing or not in a refund
process. I'll give you a great example
of this. There's a company that we've
used recently for some services and we
recommended it to our inner circle group
and it's specifically a company that
helps with some Reddit stuff. Now, long
story short, this specific company
claims right on their confirmation page
cuz they are like you and they follow my
channel and they listen to the things
that I say and those things work and
they transparently say they have about a
60% success rate in getting something
that you pay them to do handled. Now, to
be clear, that same company, they'll
they'll claim that they have about a
30-day window to accomplish this.
Sometimes, give or take the service you
buy from them, it could be as little as
72 hours for their guarantee window.
Now, not only do they transparently say
those two statistics, those two
statistics mean nothing if they can't
actually prove it, which is what they
then do next. They then show people that
signed up for them on a specific date
and time and those people not getting
their service fulfilled and getting a
refund on a certain date and time later.
Okay? There's been one instance out of
dozens and dozens of people that we've
sent to this organization where I've had
to contact the CEO and be like, "Hey,
man, this guy's six days beyond his
30-day window, right? And then they
process the refund." Now, here's the
point that I'm attempting to make even
in that example, saying, you know, we
occasionally slip up. We had a guy that
we supposed to give a refund to after 30
days. We were in the process of
communicating with the guy on trying to
tell him that we might be able to take
it down another way. Could you tolerate
another week? but they were still
outside of their refund guarantee window
and they refunded it a couple days after
the 30-day window. It's like even being
transparent about things like that
inside of a little breakout video
showcasing that you actually do what you
say you're going to do. That way people
know how bad the deal could be if it
goes south. That's a great example of an
extremely powerful breakout video. And
by the way, there's dozens and dozens of
others of these types of videos that you
can throw right onto a confirmation
page. I'll give you one more as a great
example of a breakout video. Urgency.
People need a reason to actually do
something and it has to be a highly
believable reason that is aligned with
their worldview. Meaning it has to be
something that you say that makes them
think what this person just said is
absolutely the truth and I've now got to
prioritize this as an action I've got to
do. Nobody really gives a [__] to do
anything at a given time besides the
things that they have to do because
almost all people that you're likely
trying to sell to are busy as [__] and
therefore they always have something
that's a priority and that's taking
their current mind share space. Okay,
your job is to have a majority or at
least a sliver of that active mind share
things that they're actively thinking
about that they need to accomplish and
do. We have a client, his name is J. And
J has an offer in this real estate info
space. It's teaching people how to do
what's called co-living. Now, without
explaining all of this in an elaborate
way, I'll simplify it for you. You can
take a single family home and instead of
renting it to one person or instead of
flipping it or all the other things you
could do with a single family home, what
he would encourage you to do with a
co-living model is rent each room. It's
kind of like a professional roommate
situation. All the shared things become
amenities like a living room or a
kitchen or even a backyard. right now.
Most people like you, a rich person
watching this are like, "Oh, the [__]
would anybody do that?" You got to
remember, we're in a housing crisis. And
believe it or not, a lot of people, not
only here in America, but around the
world, love that situation when they're
tight on cash. Anyway, recent major
cities in the United States, rolled back
housing restrictions that would have
prevented investors from taking
advantage of that opportunity. There's
news articles that support this. There's
the city municipalities themselves
on.gov gov websites that show these
housing restrictions being repealed and
rolled back. And we took all that data,
put it into a confirmation page that we
smacked right at the top of that
confirmation page for a webinar and for
a call funnel. And we told people, look,
who do you think has the opportunity to
make money and make the most money and
literally just have the most opportunity
in terms of the power of choice, all of
what's available to them to decide on
for these homes? the people who take
action first right after a housing
restriction is repealed and rolled back
or the people who wait years and years
and years until it's already proven and
something that people are already doing
within a market that they may want to
also participate in. Who's more probable
to make more money and have more choice
and have more opportunity? The answer is
obvious. It's the person who would take
action first rather than later. And
that's exactly what we encouraged people
to do within this on that confirmation
page. We created urgency by leveraging
highly believable real life reasons that
somebody would say to themselves,
somebody smart, somebody rich, somebody
qualified would sit there and watch that
and say, "Makes a [__] ton of sense.
Uh, I should definitely go to this guy's
webinar if I actually have any base
level of interest in doing this." We saw
the largest lift in that one video in
our show rate for our webinars. It
lifted it by about 14%. That was huge.
Little things as an example like other
confirmation page videos, breakout
videos on this page also help to lift
the show rate but only by a few
percentage points. Now combine that and
we were already over a 20% lift in show
rate just between a handful of breakout
videos on the confirmation page.
Generally the confirmation page is a
great place to test messaging assuming
that you have a good play rate on these
videos. If you host videos in Wistia or
Vidalytics as an example, these
platforms will show you the quantity of
people that hit the page versus the
quantity of people that press play on
these videos. In addition to that, of
course, it shows things like the
engagement rate, meaning how well did
you retain everybody as you sat there
and did these. Now, here's the moral of
the story. If the confirmation page
videos have high play rates, meaning
people are seeing it and they have
decent engagement rates, meaning people
are actually watching the videos to
consume that messaging, and you don't
see a lift in your show rate, that means
they're the wrong videos. That means
it's the wrong messaging. It means
you're talking about something that
people don't give a [__] about. And this
is a very important thing that relates
to the very first way I started this
video. This is where a lot of people
gaslight themselves. They say, "Oh,
well, I tried breakout videos, Jeremy,
and I didn't get a lift in show rate."
No, you tried a set or a breakout video,
and it might have not been the thing
that your people actually gave a [__]
about. Back to that J example, we had 19
videos. He's that client. 19 videos
answering all the questions that the
salespeople said came up during the
sales process that they felt like would
be really helpful for people to know. We
reviewed webinar footage and it was the
same type of questions. These were the
things that people clearly wanted to
know. But here's the point. That didn't
lift the show rate more than a couple
percentage points when we had 19 total
videos answering all these common
questions. What raised it 14% was an
urgencybased, highly believable reason.
And guess what? We didn't get that video
onto the page for like 3 months into the
deal. You see? So, it's like sometimes,
and the most important thing that I want
you to really understand about this
whole process is you've got to take a
consistent action until you get the
result and outcome. You can't just take
one action and be like,
>> "Well, I tried it. You know, I didn't
get the result I was after. I guess
that's it."
>> It's like, no, no, that's not what you
do. You take the action until you get
the result. So, outside of breakout
videos, there's a handful of other
things that we encourage on confirmation
pages, but naturally, we save that for
the people who actually pay us. I'll
still put you on game throughout this
video and give you a handful of other
great things you could do naturally. But
if you are one of those people who do
want to pay us to get that certainty
you're after to get loaded up with all
the strategies and the ideas that you
need and to be held accountable to
actually do it, check out the links down
in the description. If you're rich and
trying to get a hell of a lot richer,
Jeremy's inner circle is perfect for
you. If you're somebody that wants to
learn all of these types of lessons in
extreme depth, check out my master
internet marketing class. There's no
income restrictions. We still, to be
clear, vet people and make sure that we
actually believe in you, that you're
actually going to get results with the
program when we sell you master internet
marketing. You can't just log in and buy
it. But again, my point is in either one
of these scenarios, those links are down
in the description. And you can also
preview week one of my master internet
marketing class if you're interested in
that. It's a great place to train all
your staff as well in a very
cost-effective way. Okay, back to a few
other things you could do. This is one
of five of my back-end selling systems.
Okay, I will talk to you about four of
those back-end selling systems. Now,
confirmation page best practices are one
of them. Value dense email sequences is
number two. Now, when you find something
that works really well on your
confirmation page, that's the testing
ground. Again, assuming you have a high
play rate and assuming you have a good
engagement rate, you can then take that
messaging and roll it out to these other
three back-end selling systems. Okay? In
this particular instance, I want to be
really clear. You ideally take what's
working on the confirmation page and
then roll it over to the other free
back-end selling system, value dense
email sequences. So, once we saw that
that single urgencybased video worked
really well, well, here's the thing.
that video only had a 52% play rate.
That 52% play rate resulted in a 14%
lift just with that single video on the
confirmation page. Why not roll it over
to the emails? Our emails typically will
see as low as about a 20% open rate. A
lot of businesses we work with will see
about a 40 to 60% open rate on average.
Now, factor in that Apple has that
automatic open thing nowadays inside of
their devices when you use that Apple
Mail app, okay? But most people, they
don't. Most people use the Gmail app or
they just use Gmail period. That's a
dominant amount of users. So, those are
generally accurate open rates. Either
way, I digress. The point I'm trying to
make is very simple. What works on the
confirmation page as messaging that
improves the show rate will also work
when you roll it over to value dense
email sequences. Most email sequences
are absolutely whack. They talk about
them in a way where they're just
reminder-based communication.
>> Hey, got your call this time, this date,
show up. Uh, hey, your webinars this
time, this date, show up. Here's the
link. Most of you don't even send off
[__] calendar invites for these
things because you don't have your
deliverability dialed in to be able to
do so. Either way, my point is what
these emails prior to a call or prior to
a webinar or prior to any event that you
want people to show up for should
actually be are valuable long form
written, not just, hey, here's a video,
click on it. Because you'll see link
clickthrough rates are still super low,
typically single digits in most emails.
So, what's that mean? We take the
messaging we'd otherwise want somebody
to click through to and watch, like in a
video, and just break it down into a
[__] email. You know how easy this is
to do with AI nowadays? You don't even
need a copywriter anymore. You can have
somebody who just mans these AI LLMs
that are available to you. throw your
video in there, transcribe it, send a
bunch of emails that you've already
written that are in your communication
style and say, "Hey, turn this into a
[__] email for me that's going to be
in my reminder sequence and leave a
place for me to put the time, date, and
link to be able to join the call or the
webinar in there, too." Right? So, it's
a combination of a reminder sequence,
but it's more so geared towards actually
providing like real life value things
that people will read and say, "Wow, you
know, I actually gave a [__] to know
that." We can send up to six, listen to
this crazy [__] six of these a day.
Now, do we encourage you to start with
six a day? [__] no. We encourage you to
usually start with about three a day,
sometimes four a day. Here's what you're
looking for. You want to make sure that
your open rates stay the same. As soon
as you add a fourth email and your open
rate drops, sure, test a different
subject line, but it also might have
dropped because that was one too many
emails. So, you can push up to about six
a day. Also, make sure you're following
all local regulations. California has
the TCBA guidelines and Texas also has
recent restrictions they've rolled out.
I know a lot of you are also
international. Everybody over in the EU
with the GDPR laws, I'm sure you guys
all have a bunch of [__] that you've got
to be mindful of in terms of what times
of day you are able to communicate with
people. So, be very mindful of that if
you do push up to six. But point I'm
trying to make. You are able to send up
to that many a day because what you are
sending is things that people actually
would give a [__] to know, things that
they genuinely would want to be
researching prior to talking to you, not
a bunch of [__] And this is another
huge thing that you have to understand.
This is the part where I tell you again
that you will likely gaslight yourself
into thinking,
>> "Oh, well, I wrote some emails and I
thought they were valuable, Jeremy, and
you [__] a bunch of people told me to
get [__] and now I was sending too
many emails."
>> And it's like, "Yeah, dude." And then
when I go read those emails and I say,
"Well, let me check them out." Every
time I read them, to nobody's surprise,
they are absolute [__] and they are
not things that people would actually
want to know. This is what you have to
understand about these. You have to be
able to successfully craft information
that the person you're sending to
genuinely gives a [__] about. Okay? It
can't be random. It can't be stuff that
you just guess. It has to be things that
your customers that are actively
researching you, that are actively
researching the opportunity, that are
actively researching your product and
service, genuinely give a [__] about.
So, a great example of this, so many of
you sitting here watching this withhold
the price until the call. Yet, when they
go on Google and they search, what's the
price of this person's product? You'll
let the AI search overview give a random
[__] answer that's not even your
price. We had a guy just recently, he's
in the inner circle, didn't want to
reveal his price before a call. There
are many people where it's totally
justified, just to be fair, where it
doesn't make sense to have to reveal
your price before a call. But his
customers gave a deep [__] about knowing
that price and he still withheld it.
When you go into Google, this guy had a
podcast from like almost 10 years ago
where he was talking about a product
that he was considering introducing for
5 to 7K. Well, fast forward to late 2025
while I sit here and watch this video
and Google's AI search overview exists.
Now, people go on Google, what's this
guy's product cost? The AI search
overview says this guy's product likely
costs somewhere between $5,000 and
$7,000. His product costs $17,000 to
$26,000.
So, when you look at the discrepancy of
somebody who researched your product
ahead of time and says, "Oh, that's
pretty reasonable." They show up to a
call and they're like, "It costs what?"
There's a huge anchoring bias
discrepancy there that's going to occur.
And instead of that specific business
owner saying, "I'm just going to put out
information about my price. I'm going to
follow that fifth back-end selling
system to start manipulating the AI."
We'll talk about that in a separate
video. I'm not releasing it to you
publicly yet. It's an inner circle
exclusive for now. But anyway, moral of
the story is you have to understand that
answer is clearly something that people
genuinely give a [__] about. That'd be
great to write a value dense email
sequence for. That'd be great to have a
confirmation page video for or it'd be
great to nuke the [__] internet of
anything that could give an answer and
an AI search overview or LLM for it.
That way that doesn't [__] you and lower
your close rate and show rates
artificially. You understand? So again,
my point is this is very important you
understand this. Value dense emails are
meant to be something that's actually
valuable, not just a bunch of surface
level [__] Okay. One of the other
back-end selling systems is what we call
setter best practices. Now, setters or
closers, if you don't have setters to
fulfill this role, reaching out before
they actually have the call or reaching
out to tell them about the webinar and
confirm that they're going to show up
for the webinar, dramatically improve
the show rate to calls and the show rate
to webinars and the show rates for any
other key event that you're going to
have. Them reaching out though with a
nice personalized set of information
helps to mitigate the education call
from occurring and it turns it into an
actual sales conversation instead. If
you have a team that tries to gaslight
you into saying, "Oh, we don't have the
capacity to [__] reach out to people
prior to the webinar, prior to the call,
you tell them to [__] themselves and
you're going to replace them until
somebody comes into that organization
and actually fulfills this role. This is
a mandatory back-end selling system.
It's free. It is something that improves
the show rate by so much. I've been
saying this for years. Have your
salespeople send selfie videos prior to
the caller, prior to the webinar. That
generally improves the show rate a lot.
We sometimes have people who take that
action and then say, "Oh, well, I took
that action and it didn't work, Jeremy.
I guess that's it for me." Huh? It's
like, no. It's the same lesson as all
these other ones I've talked to you
about. Don't gaslight yourself. Change
the messaging until you get the outcome.
And by the way, there's a reason that
there's more than one back-end selling
system. That reason is your specific
demographic likely consumes one out of
four of these or maybe a handful of four
of these in some random combination that
you don't know. And this is really
important why you do all of them instead
of just one or the other. Okay?
Sometimes people get lucky and they take
action on just one and they see the
improvement. Sometimes you have to take
action on all of them across all four of
these in this case until you get the
outcome that you're after. Okay? So
anyway, setter best practices is very
simple. Have the education call before
the actual call occurs. Have the
education call prior to the webinar.
That's what they're there for. Reach out
and confirm that somebody's going to
show up, but don't just do so in a
[__] selfish way. That's what you
have to understand about all this. when
you just call and say, "Hey, just want
to make sure you're going to show up."
>> Like, that's not how it works, dude.
Book a five-star hotel, go to the Four
Seasons. They'll text you. They'll email
you. They may even call you and they'll
say, "Hey, what's going on, Mr. Haynes?
Wanted to reach out. Extend a warm
welcome from the Four Seasons of
Wherever. Wanted to see if you had any
preferences. Wanted to tell us your
arrival time. Want to make sure
everything's set up for you." Well, they
don't reach out and selfishly say, "Hey,
what's going on, man? Just wanted to
make sure you're going to show up."
>> The [__] It's like, no, they say, "Hey,
Mr. your hands. Wanted to reach out and
see if your wife wanted a cozy robe
again. And if you guys still aren't
drinking, we can have a nice
non-alcoholic bottle of champagne in
there for you. I know also in these past
days you've had with us in different
locations, you've made a note to say
that your wife loves chocolate. We'll
make sure to have that in the room for
you. What time you thinking of arriving
and do you need any transportation to
the hotel today? It's like assume the
show up, right? Hey, what's going on
customer? Saw you opted in for our
training tomorrow afternoon. It's at 3
Eastern time. Wanted to check, did you
get the calendar invite with the link
yet? Or did you get any emails with the
link to join yet? It's one of the most
common things that people ask when
they're stuck unable to join in. They
just can't find the link. Wanted to make
sure you have it. Is there anything else
I can help you with or answer for you
while I'm on the call here? By the way,
I took a moment to look you up and I
found out that you do this. We had a few
people like you who have done this, too.
I'm going to send you some information
on those guys so you can see their
outcomes and what their process was. You
know, it's like do something other than
just the selfish [__] Oh, you got
to show up. [__] losers, dude. No
wonder you have a shitty show rate.
Okay, last one. My Hammer Them campaign.
This is one of the five back-end selling
systems that cost money. There's a
second one now, the newest one, the
fifth, that also costs money, but again,
we'll talk about that in another video.
The hammer them strategy is awesome. We
found with all the people that we work
with, they had a lot of content, both
short form and long form. We also found
that they were great talking heads and
we could have them sit down and film
videos that we needed from them on
different topics or questions. The same
logic as all these previous three
back-end selling systems applies to the
hammer them strategy. We take short form
content and we take long form content
and what we do is we distribute it to
people via social media platforms and we
shoot for a frequency goal somewhere
between about 15 and 20. So what that
means simply put is that we're taking
anywhere from 30 to 50 pieces of short
form content and anywhere from about 15
to 30 long form pieces of content. Long
form like this by the way and we'll take
both. will pay to distribute it into the
person's news feed on Facebook,
Instagram. You could do it on Tik Tok.
You could even do it on YouTube, man.
You could do it on LinkedIn. You could
do it wherever you can pay to distribute
content. And we pay to put it in front
of them. And we try to reach them in a
high enough frequency between the call
time being booked and the call or
between the webinar being opted into and
the webinar or between the low ticket
purchase and the high ticket upsell
average sales timeline. And we [__]
pump content in front of those people.
But we pick strategic content. the
content that we specifically pick. This
matters a lot. And this is also
important to note back to my original
point at hand. You take this action
until it works because it works. You
don't take it once and then gaslight
yourself into saying,
>> "Oh, I took the action. It didn't
[__] work, dude. I put some basic
videos out there that I guessed on and I
didn't get the outcome I was after."
>> No, you take these actions aggressively
and you pursue them to the extent of
what is required to get the lift in the
show rate. Now, here's the thing. You
seek certainty in videos like this, but
you won't pay for the certainty to get
the actual examples. You seek certainty
in videos like this, but you won't
actually get the SOPs that we have, the
training videos on these and put inside
of a community with a bunch of people
who have already improved their show
rates 20, 30, some of them even 40
[__] percent. Right? And so, I want
to be extremely direct when I say you
now know what you can generally do. But
if you choose not to give us money at
this point, I want to be very direct in
saying you have to figure it the [__]
out. You have to actually take the time
to rotate your messaging until you
actually get the outcome. Okay? And it's
very, very important that you understand
this. I tell you this as transparently
as I possibly can. I withhold a
tremendous amount of data for you here
on YouTube. And yet, I still put you on
more game than every other [__] who
charges you money. This content and what
I just told you to do works extremely
well. I just encourage that you check
out those links in the description. nut
up and actually buy something from us
because that's where the real sauce is.
That's where all the examples of this
are. That's where me being able to step
in and help hold you accountable to
actually doing these things and making
sure you follow through until you get
the outcome you're after and being able
to help guide you with your specific
business and your specific customer type
in mind to master the messaging to
actually see a huge result. What's a 20
to 30% lift in your show rate? What's it
actually worth? How many dollars would
you generate as a result of that lift?
that massive [__] improvement in that
stat, right? And just know this is one
of so many different areas that we can
help you with. So, listen, at the very
least, check out all the other videos
here on my channel. Subscribe to the
channel. We are perfect for you if
you're rich trying to get a hell of a
lot richer. We've got content that is
built for you to be really direct with
you. Like I said, if you just want to
get to that next level a lot faster by
the speed, by the certainty, and by the
resources that you need to be able to do
so, check out those links down in the
description. Go out there and get
richer. toxic.